multipass: add page (#4105)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/multipass.md

# multipass

> Creates a Ubuntu virtual machine using native hypervisors.
> More information: <https://multipass.run/>.

- List the aliases that can be used to launch an instance:

`multipass find`

> - Launch a new instance, set its name, use a cloud-init configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Launch a new instance and set its name using a cloud-init configuration file:
```

Author: - The 3 files are similar but there's none for sunos. So should it go to common anyway?
- "using" is not appropriate: the name is set using the -n flag while the config file (which does not define the name) is set using --cloud-init.

Reviewer: - Yep. `common/` is for 2 or more platforms, especially for 3. :smile:
-  Then I probably didn't understand the text here. Can you try to rephrase what you meant more clearly?

Author: - Moved to common :)
- I don't really know how to make it clearer... Here's from the official [doc](https://multipass.run/docs/launch-command):
  - -n, --name <name>    Name for the instance.
  - --cloud-init <file>  Path to a user-data cloud-init configuration

I can remove that --cloud-init flag, but that would be a pity since it's a pretty useful one

Reviewer 2: If I understand correctly they are just unrelated options, so:

> Launch a new instance, set its name, _and_ use a cloud-init configuration file:

Author: You understand correctly :)
Applied as-is, only removed the comma before the "and".
